GitHub-Bub
    by Tim Pease
    http://codeforpeople.rubyforge.org/githubbub

== DESCRIPTION:

What you're looking for is over on GitHub, bub!

This little gem will build an "auto-forwarder" gem that you can upload to
RubyForge. The auto-forwarder, when installed, will automatically install your
gem from the GitHub gem repository. Obviously this implies that you need a
GitHub account and a project that is configured to automatically build gems.

GitHub-Bub relies on the presence of .gemspec file in the current directory.
All the information about your gem is gleaned from this file. The only
information you need to provide is your GitHub username.

You still need to have a project and package on RubyForge for the gem
publishing to work properly.

Enjoy!

== SYNOPSIS:

  githubbub [github username]

== REQUIREMENTS: 

You need to have a GitHub account. You need a project gemspec file, and your
project needs to be configured on GitHub to automatically build gems.

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install githubbub

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
